Ble scanner doc (#488)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/text_sensor/ble_scanner.rst

ESP32 Bluetooth Low Energy Scanner
======================================

.. seo::
    :description: Instructions for setting up BLE text sensors for the ESP32.
    :image: bluetooth.png
    :keywords: ESP32

The ``ble_scanner`` text sensor platform lets you track reachable BLE devices.

> See the `BLE Tracker Configuration variables <https://esphome.io/components/esp32_ble_tracker.html#configuration-variables>`__ for

Reviewer: Use `ref`s here instead of the esphome.io link. See the contributing guide

In esp32_ble_tracker.rst, add an `.. _config-esp32_ble_tracker:` before the Configuration variables header.

Author: Thank you, I didn't want to cause conflicts by editing esp32_ble_tracker. Resolved

instructions for setting up scan parameters.

> The sensor platform is similar to :doc:`/components/sensor/ble_rssi` but does not support device filtering and sends more information about found devices. The sensor platform itself does not support any settings but :ref:`Text Sensor <config-text_sensor>` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor platform is similar to :doc:`/components/sensor/ble_rssi` but in contrast to that platform, this text sensor sends out all raw BLE scan information and does not filter devices.

The data this sensor publishes is intended to be processed by the remote (for example an MQTT client) and sends the data in JSON format.
```

Author: Thank you.
